docs: add docs on GPU support (#1174)
edgelesssys/contrast: docs/docs/features-limitations.md

It needs to be noted that setting these values is unsupported, and doing so may lead to unexpected
behaviour, as Contrast isn't tested against all possible configuration combinations.

## GPU attestation

> While Contrast supports integration with confidential computing-enabled GPUs, such as NVIDIA's H100 series, attesting the integrity of the GPU device must be handled at the workload layer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
While Contrast supports integration with confidential computing-enabled GPUs, such as NVIDIA's H100 series, attesting the integrity of the GPU device must currently be handled at the workload layer.
```

It needs to be noted that setting these values is unsupported, and doing so may lead to unexpected
behaviour, as Contrast isn't tested against all possible configuration combinations.

## GPU attestation

> While Contrast supports integration with confidential computing-enabled GPUs, such as NVIDIA's H100 series, the integrity of the GPU device needs to be attested on the workload layer. However, the NVIDIA CC-Manager, which is
> [deployed with the NVIDIA GPU operator](./getting-started/bare-metal.md#preparing-a-cluster-for-gpu-usage) facilitates the usage of CC GPUs within the workload, so that the workload only needs to attest the GPU, for example via
> [nvTrust](https://github.com/NVIDIA/nvtrust), which is the reference implementation for GPU attestation by NVIDIA.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
While Contrast supports integration with confidential computing-enabled GPUs, such as NVIDIA's H100 series, attesting the integrity of the GPU device must be handled at the workload layer.
This means the workload needs to verify that the GPU is indeed an NVIDIA H100 running in confidential computing mode.

To simplify this process, the NVIDIA CC-Manager, which is 
[deployed alongside the NVIDIA GPU operator](./getting-started/bare-metal.md#preparing-a-cluster-for-gpu-usage), enables the use of confidential computing GPUs (CC GPUs) within the workload. With the CC-Manager in place, the workload is responsible only for attesting the GPU's integrity. 

One way to perform this attestation is by using 
[nvTrust](https://github.com/NVIDIA/nvtrust), NVIDIA's reference implementation for GPU attestation.
nvTrust provides tools and utilities to perform attestation within the workload.

In future versions, Contrast will integrate GPU attestation directly, eliminating the need for workloads to handle this process and further simplifying confidential GPU usage.
```

Author: > In future versions, Contrast will integrate GPU attestation directly, eliminating the need for workloads to handle this process and further simplifying confidential GPU usage.  

Should we add this? I'm not sure if Contrast should / can do it.

Reviewer 2: I believe that Contrast will have to do it at one point to provide a smooth user experience.
If there are concerns about the feasibility, we can leave it out.
